Music
Hello Meltdown, how is everybody doing this evening?
Cheering
I sort of got that feeling there's a frisson in the air, there's some electric energy going on here
Meltdown Comics here in Hollywood, California
Good news everybody, Harmontown once again is now in session
Cheering
Once again please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon
If it seems like I'm taller, they re-raised the stage here at Meltdown, it's not just because I got my job back, I'm not like floating
Cheering
I got my job back, that sounds a lot more pathetic than the heroic triumph of Ulysses coming home and slaying the suitors
Are we allowed to talk about this this week?
I think so, but I mean kind of, my agents keep telling me, shut the fuck up
And rightfully so because their job is to close a deal that is not yet officially closed, these things take forever
90% of the time, probably 99% of the time when writers are in a writer's room their deals aren't closed yet, they're kind of in the process
Third season my deal was so not closed there was actually a kind of debacle, which is probably one of the 800 reasons I got fired
The deal wasn't closed and then Sony put a quote, clock on my offer
That means you have to, by sundown you better be in the street or you're going to be in a box or whatever
Whatever cowboy they thought they were as a transner is called conglomerate
I went to the roost in Los Feliz and all the writers followed me and I sat there and I had a drink and I put a clock on them through my lawyers
And I think stuff like that probably is why they were like, when we do get to fire this guy, let's just fire him, he's such a dick
But now I have returned and you know what's great? I have not changed
I have learned nothing
I have only learned that Joel McHale is the most powerful man in television
Because the truth is nobody wanted me back except the actors
Joel, you thank Joel McHale if you want to be happy for somebody
I will do my best to make 13 great episodes until I make even a single good one
Don't pat me on the back because the truth is these companies, they weren't like, you know who we miss?
Like Joel, sometimes this happens in TV, the actors, the actual people in the trenches, the people that create the product that you enjoy
The people who are locked in a hot box for 12 hours a day
They're the ones that still end up tearing about the show enough to bother to affect a thing
And Joel, I don't know how much he's comfortable owning up to this
I don't know, so just thank him and leave it at that I guess
I don't know, like maybe we'll have him on or something and we can tell the story
But he's amazing, I mean he's a great guy, a great dad
One of those dads that throws his kid up in the air and catches him
Throws his kid up, back when his kids were small enough to be thrown
That was my first impression of him, he grabbed one of his kids and tossed him like 12 feet in the air
I'm not kidding and then caught him and I remember thinking like, my dad couldn't do that and I will not be able to do that
And that explains everything, that's why I'm a writer and he's an actor
Is because he had a dad that must have caught him
If my dad threw me 12 feet, there was no return, it was just like a trip
Alright, well I want to bring Spencer up earlier than usual, let's just bring him up on ceremony
Careful, yeah, they raised the stage, so if you're tall enough you could die tonight
I'm fine down here, thank you
Hello Spencer, how are you?
I'm good, I'm good
I wanted to make sure you got a good seat because there was a rumor in the green room that Adam Goldberg has lost his mind
And somehow gave himself the role of seating people
Like he was seating people and he was just telling them where they could sit
Like giving away reserve seats and like telling people they couldn't save seats
And like, is he on crack or something?
Adam, where are you?
Can you come up and explain yourself?
I want to go misunderstanding, that would be less funny when I repeat it
Adam, you don't want to come up
This must be serious
Alright, Adam Goldberg, a rare reluctance, Adam Goldberg
How's it going Dan? How's it going Spencer?
How's it going Jeff?
I'm sure these things get conflated as they reach me back in the mayor's chamber
But reportedly you've just gone off the rails
You know, when you try and date several people on the same night
Humble brag
You have to switch between expensive restaurants back and forth
Oh, that's a metaphor, sorry, okay
I was like, that was the world's biggest shoe heart
I love how easily you bought that premise
I mean, he took over a room, of course
That's probably the whole dance
There's women coming in and he's going like, well, what's going on?
Well, you're smashing as much pus as I am on a daily basis
I don't smash like three rules because it rhymes
You smush pus
Yeah, get down on it
When you have a lot of dates in consecutive years
I'm still not biting
Fair enough, okay, let me count back
Everyone wants to sit with me, you're all my best friends, all of you guys
Especially the new guys who don't know that that's false
And the thing is, I was like, hey, want to save some seats?
Hey, could you save me some seats? Hey, could you save me some seats?
And I'm like, yeah, sit over in this general vicinity
Which has turned me into the left thumb, right thumb guy from Bergenbelsen
You got roped into saving seats for people
Yeah
Can anybody verify that? Is that actually true?
Now, I've heard...
Judas, you're all betrayers, you're all betraying me
In my hour of need
If one person in your pack of disciples betrays you, they might be a Judas
If you're in a sea of Judas, you might be a Judas
You might be Judas
We have an audience full of disciples
I was going to say Barabbas
I'm not parting with my silver that easily
You sound like you have a little cold
Yeah, it's been, you know, I've been getting out and about in consecutive days
Because of my back brace, so I can't get all the vigorous physical activity
Smash and push
Smash and push, and I might like
Yeah, so...
Wipe this mic, if it's not my business
The back brace is part of the Adam Goldberg
This is the new action figure release, Puss Smashin' Adam Goldberg
Workman's top item is available with all the things I'm seeing here
Puss specials, Puss Smashin' Grip
Just so we have to buy another one
Another Adam Goldberg on the shelf is like a new haircut, Dan
That's worth the purchase, but like...
Couldn't my old Adam smush push, I got him in the...
That's the 30 cents spent at the Salvation Army
The smush push is your country line dance
Can we do the smush push?
I am in the back brace, it's about as much as you can
Adam Goldberg's coming, he's smashing all the puss
He's coming around the corner
God, you'd say wuss, because that's the time we went to
I can't move that very far
When I get my workers' comp checks, action figure gets guitar
Alright, stay tuned for guitar smash, pushin'
Adam Goldberg everybody, wow!
Thank you Adam Goldberg
Okay, he dismissed himself
And he actually walked off the stage to applause
We are the Caesar Milan to the Adam Goldbergs of the world
We're rehabilitating him
And yet in a world where you get fired and rehired and you don't change
You're creating change in the end
I'm changing everybody, I don't know what I did to his back
But I changed
Listening, the words back brace, I don't want you to conjure too fragile
Or tragic an image, I mean he's just wearing a...
It looks like a Cumberbund, we've talked about it before
It's like a big Cumberbund with suspenders on it
And you have to go back into the archives and listen to Adam come up
And talk about his family's history of back problems
And there's little flashes of humanity in there
Here and there, it's pretty charming
Alright, so...
Can we talk a little bit about this haircut?
I know it's not good podcast material
But it's nearly military, you look a little bit like Randy Quaid from The Last Detail
I got drunk in Chicago with Dino and I...
I think how that movie starts too
And I wandered into a stylist salon, Barbershop
I don't know the difference between the three
It had a pointed nose and it laid eggs in dry land
So that's a salon
A salon, yeah
And they were bummed out
You've never seen three gay guys more sad
And gay guys have it bad
They live in a world of bad play
Illinois is now recently going through their own debacle with marriage rights and things
So I learned while I was there
We've been down that road here in California
We don't even give a shit anymore
We're battle weary
But in Illinois now, the battle rages on
And they were not in the mood to cut Charles Manson's hair
When he rolled in off the Chicago streets with Dino
I think they maybe were relieved when Dino walked out
When he was like, I'll see you later
And they thought he was my partner
Which they should, you know, they should assume that
And he might as well be
And we chatted
Chatted about, you know, I'm down with gay people
Did they trim your beard too?
Is that what you're doing?
They trimmed my beard
That is laser precision man
Yeah, they made me look like Bob Greenblatt
They made me...
It's two trims
I've changed
I've turned into Darth Vader
I am my own, yeah
That's the tragedy
He still works there, right?
Yeah, but give me a break
I mean, that place is...
That place changes
I worked for three people while I was there
I got a feeling I'm going to be working for a fourth at some point, right?
Look, I don't know how they do their business
I saw the animal practice
I don't know what decisions...
How they make their decisions
I saw the billboard with the doctor that had the face in his hands
What was that called? No holds barred? Do no harm?
What was that?
It was a doctor
He saw that billboard?
Someone greenlit that billboard
Someone looked at that on an easel
And was like, ship it
So I see a doctor
He's got scrubs on
Because you wouldn't be able to tell he's a doctor
He's holding his hands up in the traditional
I'm about to go into surgery
Doctor pose, except that they have to be mushed together
So that we could put an evil face on the back of his hands
Indicating like a kind of a Jekyll and Hyde thing
I'll take four episodes
Speaking of which, you have not watched season four of Community
No, I have not
Are you going to have to get down and watch it?
Yeah, I've got to get down to business and watch it, yes
And Sony, to their credit, they expressed interest in the idea of recording me
Doing the commentary track
They're so into it that they're starting to make me
Like, now I'm not into it anymore
Like, that's the thing
You know, you tweet something shitty
And then Sony's like, this is awesome
You can't wait for Comic-Con
And you're like, fuck you
They're invincible, because they're a machine
They're not human
They don't have a heart
They have a little cog
A little DVD player
I've said before, by the way, that people that work in special features and stuff like that
Sony is a gigantic company
I think you know that
They make cookies, they make bottle openers
They must make landmines
If any company ever did
They've got to be somehow, some way
There's got to be making landmines
I think that's GE
I know, but Sony must have been jealous
It's like, we've got to get in on that racket
We're not blowing enough people up
But I don't know
So there's a lot of fantastic people there
Corporations are inhuman and therefore vile by nature
But within them, there are little heroes
And some of them are the people that make the little Sony DVDs
Because they love making DVDs
They love special features
They love the fans loving special features
And when the three seasons I was working there
I made friends with the people in the DVD department
And we had a lot of fun
It's hard for you to say nice things about those people
That was difficult for you
Spencer, what do you think?
What about you getting maybe a job back in with the works?
I don't know, yeah
What do you think of my haircut?
What do you think of Chicago?
What do you think of gay people?
I was discussing it, you know, the haircut
And we landed on like an army guy
Which I enjoy
Fuck everybody
But yeah, yeah, army guy
Anyway, gay people, great, yeah
Like they should have it better in that place
Detroit, Chicago?
Chicago, yeah
Chicago, they should have it better there
Sure, Chicago's a good place
I've said it before and I'll say it again
I don't understand anyone that's not in favor of gay rights
Because it's such a tee-up
You can be a hero by not giving a fuck
It's one of the only causes, it's so easy
Like when are you going to get that opportunity?
Every other cause demands like a picket sign
Or like do something, like you can be such a hero
But just standing there and going, I don't care
I don't care
Just, I mean, when something comes along like that
Do it
You can't help black people by not caring
Try it
I dare you
You will hurt them by not caring
Speaking of me saying weird things
And the audience reacting weirdly
We have a lost episode
Harmontown has a lost episode, it's our first
Audio problems, was it?
I think, yeah, the audio problem is that I kept talking about
Getting my job back at community
And I wasn't supposed to yet
I'm probably not supposed to now, but we don't have to release this
necessarily tomorrow
Like I said, we're in the final stages of making an official
And I don't know what compromises it
I'm not an agent, I don't work in it
I don't know what happens, like a corporation is going like
All right, should he get $55,000 in a parking space?
Or $56,000 and he's got to park his own car
This is Jeff Jefferson from parking relations
And we got a parking spot over here
For Jason Alexander, we were just promised him
Season two
If I could interrupt there
The key to this operation is going to be synergy
Without a doubt
We've said a thousand times, in parking space
You could make a thousand parking spaces
It's not going to make a television show
Sir, I'm sorry, it's a conference call
Would you identify yourself please?
This is just John the janitor
But if this mop could talk
It would tell you
You don't make a show with parking spaces
Thank you John, I think we understand your points
Excuse me, is that the mop talking now?
Yes, this is Marla the mop
We are overextended this fiscal quarter
I have been squeezed over and over again
To the point where we're rearranging deck chairs
On the Titanic
And mopping the area underneath them
With people like me, mops like me
Who cares, edit this out
We're going to have another last episode
If I do enough bad improv
It's a dangerous precedent
This is going to be a test pattern
When you download this
This is going to be a recording of an Indian
Hello
You can't see me right now
But I'm an Indian
The episode you were searching for
Audio difficulties
They make me cry
There was much talk of black people
In Sony last week
Mr. Harmon's words were like litter
Across a freeway
His improv was like an eagle lost in the wind
Mr. Harmon, or as we call him
Limpin' Beaver trying to do make-up-ups
Alright
We still have some business
This is a town meeting
By the way, thank you for showing up
In so many numbers, but also, I don't know
Isn't there kind of a dark side to that too?
Like, fuck you, I guess you just hated me
Because I was fired?
Alright
Thank you
Like, I guess you just hated me because I was fired?
Alright
Wow
Maybe you were busy, maybe you were busy
I mean, don't feel bad for coming
That would be counterproductive of me to make happen
Just think about how I feel sometimes
When you randomly show up
Like when I get fired and then when I get rehired
And then all the time in between
It's as if my stories about jerking off in my bathtub
Aren't enough
To bring you out from Tarzana
I drop by once in a while
I know how many people show up when a real comedian
Gets up and does material
It hurts my feelings
It's like you expect me to write things
In order for me to have value
Speaking of value, big value is going on
At the Harmontown.com store
Online
We are having what's called a flash sale
I don't know if that means that it's
That you need flash installed
To participate
Or if that just means it's like a flash mob derivative
Like it's like a sale like super fast
I don't know if that means
What if a bunch of people just showed up somewhere
And started like conducting like retail business
Just like a flash sale
Like you just bring a bunch of like garments
And then people buy them
Yeah, that would be amazing
Just spontaneous acts of capitalism
Yeah
In the streets
It's a flash sale
And people like in the outer periphery
Like training like like like
Someone makes it a public offering
Like on the business going on in there
So there's people on the outer rim
Like trading stock in the company
And it's like spreading in the streets
It's just an explosion of capitalism
And there's a Adam Goldberg with little
Suspenders in bow tie on right in the middle of it
Someone take it
We can call it Wall Street Occupy
There you go
It's like a little reverse
Like they take back the night
Alright
So if you go to Harmontown.com
In the now
Don't do it now
Watch the show
And then go get a t-shirt
It's cheaper now
Do we sell them here?
Do we bring merchandise here?
I don't think we do
And it's because it gets complicated
Because the Nerdmelt theater
That lets us do stuff here
If you sell merchandise here
Then you have to
Figure out what the vague is
And all this stuff
You know you have to like calculate
Like consignments and things
It would be perfectly fair to them
And we're not doing it
Because we're so greedy
And I don't think anyone's doing anything
I'd agree it's just complicated
Sell our t-shirts online
If that's not true
And it would be easy to sell them here
And just give Nerdmelt some money
Then let's do it
I don't care I'm rich
Alright
But I have a feeling we're not doing it
Because it's hard
And whoever had to sell them
Would not be getting paid
But if that's true
Pay yourself
I don't care
I won't notice I'm rich
I have people
I pay people to manage my money
Surely they're
I hope they're stealing from me
If they're not they should be
I have the same account
So I hope that's not true
I wouldn't have them steal from you
It's fine
And I'm sure you keep a tight
You know
I'm sure you get out your little
Scrooge specs at the end of the night
Your whale oil lamp
I don't know why that's so funny
So go to Harmontown.com
You can buy a t-shirt
It's extra cheap right now
It's like
We made a lot of t-shirts
And I guess we didn't know
No one would want them
So
Our bad judgment is
Your game
That's capitalism
That's how it works
Everything must go
Because nothing should have been
It's called supply and lack of demand
I think is the principle there
Speaking of capitalism
I think now
Don't waste a segue that good
Almost top speaking of value
Head on down to Harmontown.com
That wasn't that fucking sweet
I was like Paul Harvey
It was really nice
Like in the old days
Like Jack Benny or something
You know what I was going to say
I want to get like a dick head car
I've been driving a Prius for
I can't even remember
That was the first car I ever bought new
What's your shame
Aside
Self-consciousness
What would be the ultimate dick head car
Tesla
I want to get one of these Teslas
See, you hear that response
Because it's a reddit favorite
This car
Like people just sit on reddit
And they just watch videos of this car
But they're really fast
Do you want a fast car?
I don't
You don't strike me as a fast car
If it's fast enough so we can get away
Maybe we can make a deal
Leave tonight
Live and die this way
It's a Tracy Chapman song
I've never felt so old and alone
I got so excited when he said it
You want a fast car
Like
Which thing is it?
And then it didn't matter
I could have taken forever with it
I thought everyone was going to go
It's a fast car
It's like back in the 90s
Whenever you said who you're going to call
Or anything close to it
I know that song
But what it sounded like to me
Is a conversation you would have
And somebody was asking you
If you would help them rob a bank
Well, yeah, I don't know what that's
I mean, I guess she's poor
And she's talking to some guy
It's like a romance story
It's a little tragic urban
Like slice of life
It's like a hard on her luck girl
Is taking care of her alcoholic dad
And she's singing to some guy
That has a fast car
I don't know why she thinks
That the speed of the car matters
I think that she seems like a smart person
Listening to her sing
She's very in touch with her emotions
She's no doubt cognitive
You know, so she
I mean, who cares how fast
You leave a city
I mean, it's not like
Urban plight is like a tornado
In a Bruckheimer movie
It's not like chasing you
There's no escape velocity
Yeah, thank you
It's not like at the end of I.D.4
When the fat lady hasn't sung yet
You know, you can't speed out of something
It's not like the turn of the Jedi
When you're like maneuvering
I think it's metaphorical
Is it fast enough so I can
So I can forget
So I can break free
Yeah, I know
She's walking a tightrope
A lot of people listening to that song
Aren't as bright
You know, they're going to be like
Who cares how fast your car is
Just get on the bus
You got a bus ticket
I got a transfer and a duffel bag
So we could save a lot of money
Sell your fast car and get three bus tickets
We'll take your dog
You know, just workshop it a little lady
Keep brainstorming
So you want to get a Tesla?
I want to get a Tesla
Okay, so those of you who don't know
It's like this crazy nerd car
It's purely electric
But it's a luxury sedan
And it's just...
All the reasons you're not supposed to get a car
All the things that aren't supposed to
Make you want to get a car
All the 12-year-old in you
It has these door handles
That are flush with the body
And when you reach for the door
The handle comes out
It has a screen in it
So big that I don't even know what to tell you
You can watch Yojimbo on it
Yeah, you could watch The Little Mermaid on it
And see cleavage, yeah
I don't know, I'm sorry that popped out of my head
Sorry
Use your own standards for defining resolution
Of a TV screen
Don't go by me
I just...
How much is one of these running it?
Do you know the sticker price?
It's a couple hundred grand
I don't know if it's a hundred grand or 200 grand
It's like, you know
It's more than you should ever spend on a car
Because cars don't gain value
Real estate, hey, whatever
Buy gold, buy a puppy, you know
These things appreciate
Puppies, after 10 years? Boy
The resale of those puppies
You know, have you seen puppy flippers on Bravo?
It's amazing, like these guys are sharks
And they just boom, boom, boom
Pimp my puppy?
They buy a puppy, they pimp it, they flip it
Puppy pimpin' flippers
Right after push-smasters
Oh, shit, that's fine
Smush, smush-mushers
Backbracers
Backbrace Dynasty
On an all-new season of Backbrace Dynasty
Adam Goldberg smashes some puss
You can't sit here
I don't care where in the blip
You think I can sit, mother boop
You tell her I'm gonna sit here
Monica has lost her mind
On an all-new push-backbracer
Smash your pussers
After that, duck, duck, duck, duck people
Guys that work for ducks
Aquarium Masters
Carpet
Munchers
You knew that one, you got all excited
You don't know Tracy Chapman lyrics, but you...
I know it's where the wind blows
You know where your brunch butter is
Alright
I walked the line with some cupcakes
And I apologize if you were at the back of the line
It's hard to be the back of the line
But that does mean that you didn't have to wait in line
As long as the people in front of the line
Erin McGathy, who has gone cake-crazy
It is clearly a...
More than welcome
Misdirection and projection
Of some kind of uterine energy
She's living with me now
We got a puppy
She's making a million cakes a day
I know what this means
And I'm fine with it
She made like a thousand cupcakes
And we handed them out in line
And while I was out there
A gentleman named Lars
Said that he had brought something to share
With the audience and that it wasn't a bag of rocks
Which is a reference to our last episode actually
Hello Lars
So yeah, last week
Bill brought rocks
Which I thought was a cool souvenir
Not the coolest thing exactly
So...
No, I thought it was good
Lars, before you reveal it
We have to describe that you're holding
A very mysterious leather sack right now
I wanted to keep it quiet
So I made the sack for it
No, the rocks were a good idea
It was a nice souvenir, but they were rocks
So I brought a bag of polyhedral dice
Wait, what are they?
Polyhedral dice?
You just brought a bunch of dice
On the rice
There's about a...
Yes, they're rocks with numbers
Bill, a passive aggressive
Bill went from the audience
Oh, they're rocks with numbers on them
That was pretty aggressively aggressive
There's about a hundred in there
There's probably just about enough
For everybody to grab one
They're not all 20 sided
There's some 10s and some 8s
Probably some 4s in there
I have one complete set
If you want to give that away to someone
You know what, Lars?
I'd like to present you with a cup
No, that wouldn't make sense
Well, let's give him to Adam Goldberg
We made a lot of hay out of his misery
Alright, thank you, Lars
I feel...
I feel that that...
I was going to say
I feel that Adam's back brace
Is just him slowly walking us toward him
Coming in here strapped with explosives
So we're not going to know when it happens
We're just going to stop patting him down visually
We've seen him wearing something
That you could not get on a plane with
Thank you, Lars, these are great
No, he's holding a thumb up
Is that the joke you were doing?
I thought you were holding a thumb up
To further wean us into the idea that
He has a detonator in his hand
It's great! It's great!
There's that back brace guy
That's always voting
His approval on things
You can't sit there!
Everybody sits over here by the wall
Gather around!
I'm going to...
What do you think, Jeff?
You've done more shows than me in your life
The bag of rocks I thought turned out to...
The dispensation of them
Seemed to take some energy out of the room
It was noisy and time consuming
But again, I like the rocks
The rocks was a lovely token
No, I'm just saying, as a crowd control thing
Is it okay to handle other sacks?
For instance, that lady in the front
Are you passing out these dice chair too?
Everyone could take a die
There's like a hundred of them in here
Probably won't everybody get one
But I reckon if you take your fail
We'll have also a little good time
It's a nice soft leather pouch
That should mute the...
I think Laura's thought of everything in this camp
Let's try it!
The dice are being passed about
Hopefully people in the back
Will die, you could do anything with that
Put it on your shelf at home
Put it between
Your R2-D2 pencil sharpener
And that photo of your dad with the eyes
Cut out
Or the Sears underwear model
You pretend as your dad
Because your mom told you he was a lion tamer
And he was never around
So you just picked a guy from a magazine
And used to worship him
But then when you turned 15
You're like, fuck this guy
Or make a necklace out of it
What are you bringing then
To this fifth season of Community
What emotionally?
I'm going to watch the fourth season first
And everyone keeps saying
You know what you got to do
You can finish this along with me
You should have Abbot come out of the box
That you put him in
Thinking that at the end of season 3
I got a feeling this shit's going to hit the fan
Let's put
Let's put the weird guy in the box
And have a bright light flash
So that just in case
Just in the weirdest case
Like scenario where if I don't come back
And then an even weirder case
A much weirder case
I come back for a fifth season
You can just have him come out of the box
And then go, lame
And then just
And then just get started
With a fourth season of Community
But you already all thought of that
I've seen you online saying that
And it sounds to me
And I can say this now because I haven't seen the fourth season
So I'm just saying from reading the reviews
Which was very healthy of me
That if there was a complaint
Among fans
And this is kind of ironic
And something to learn a lesson from
I don't know what
Keeps coming up
There was what Gina Davis and The Fly
Would call a synthetic
Kind of going through the motions
Sort of this is what community is
So here it is for you served up on a platter
And
I think that
In a world where everybody
Says that and everybody says
You should pretend four seasons was a dream
And then if I did that
Then we're just continuing the cycle of abuse
So the fifth season needs to definitely be
A kind of emotional
Spiritual reboot
It needs to get back to
Some kind of basics
I'm going to bring the monkey back
I imagine probably
Three more monkeys
That's the short answer
Just more monkeys
As I've pointed out
And I'm going to have a doctor with a face in his hands
The back
Of his hands
I'm talking mop come on the show
I could carve myself out a little part
Couldn't I? They can't fire me for anything now
So I could just be like
Here's Uncle Bill
Could you be like the Phantom of the Opera
Each episode begins with me
Up in an attic going
I've been up here for a while
Old Annie's had a lot of adventures
Just like ruin it
And just like chum the water
Or do like an Andy Rooney
Just to camera ending every time
You look to camera and say what you learned
Well I could be like Rod Serling
Come out and like
At the beginning and end of every episode
Just go like wow this looks like it's going to be a good one
Looks like they're doing another bottle episode
Must have broke the bank on the one before it
It all comes out in the wash here
At the Harmon's Zone
That was pretty badass in Twilight Zone
For the creator of the show just who entered
The cockpit of the plane
Smoking!
The guys are flying a plane, there's dinosaurs outside
And Rod Serling just enters
To the side of the plane and goes
Holy shit
Not only did I just walk in through the side of a moving plane
But I wrote this
I'm here to tell you
If you're not here when the commercial is over
You're going to blow my fucking mind
Because there's dinosaurs outside this plane
Rod Serling was super badass
By the way, very angry
Very
Outraged about the
Blacklisting and stuff
Like he fucking ground heavy duty
Paul Bunyan sized axes
He was a creative guy that wanted the audience
To be happy and knew that
McCarthyism was bullshit
And that the government could
Suck his smoking dick
He just came out there and thinly veiled
A million metaphors for it
Considered for your approval
This lady thinks she's awesome because she's rich
But she just got hit by a fucking car
In the Twilight Zone
He sued!
He was mad
You know he went home and gave it
To his wife
So much harder than me
I can't even
I just
I'm sorry Aaron
I can't
Are you saying that when Sony
You can have a conference call that you cannot smash
I cannot
I could maybe move it around a little
Like a
Croquetball
Just knock it around the yard
I can't smash it
But you know Rod Serling
Rod Serling came home
You know Amanda Serling was a happy woman
And I'm not saying like
Even though it was the 50s or 60s
Or whatever the hell it was
There were dinosaurs outside the plane
So I don't know if it was
I bet she was an activated woman too
I bet she was not
Like wearing a string of pearls in the kitchen
And making him roast
I bet she
Designed jigsaw puzzles
Or
Wrote novels
Even
You're being very generous
With Amanda Serling
It was the 50s
So you have to adjust for cultural inflation
And say that would be pretty
You see mad men, you know how weird it is
When a woman does something
It was back then
It's not my fault
But Rod Serling probably didn't put up with it
He probably came home and she was probably like
She was probably wrenching on the car
And he was like
I wish that car was my dick
And then she was like
Maybe it is
And he's like you're right anything's possible
Fucking Rod Serling
That's probably where he got half his ideas
It's weird sexual games that they would play
She'd like tie him to the bed
And go like what if I had a pig face
And fuck it
I gotta write this down
You know what Amanda write it down for me
I'll put my name on it because of course
We can't allow you to work in the industry
But
Your words will reach America
Tonight Rod, when you come home
I want you to imagine that my pussy
Is
Dinosaur Land
And that your dick is a lost 747
Yes
Yeah
Submitted for your approval
Every night
Submitted to me
You know what
I'm gonna put Sony out of my mind
I'm gonna go home tonight
And I'm gonna get dressed up like Rod Serling
And I'm gonna give it to Erin Hardin
I'm gonna take up smoking again
And get upset about fear of communism
We may have to cut the show short
I got a little diamond down here
Just thinking about it
Really?
No
I just can't think of what to do next
I know that you refer to your hard penis
As a little diamond
I'm never gonna pretend
I'm hung like a moose
You can tell from my work
That I'm dealing with something
You're hung like a window at Tiffany's
It's sparkly
I make up for the lack of size
The clarity
And you could use
My dick to break into a house
In a 70's heist movie
So we get you so turned on
We just hold you up to a window
And you turn me in a circle
And James Cahn just reaches through
And opens the door
Thank you, Dan
You're welcome, James Cahn
Sorry, I couldn't do it
I know your dick's too big, Mr. Cahn
You don't have a little diamond
Hero's coming all sizes, Dan
Thank you, Mr. Cahn
But then he gets mad that you use his name
In a robbery and then he has to kill you
Stop breaking the fourth wall, Harmon
Sorry, Mr. Cahn
Your character's name is Scorpius
In this 70's heist movie
Wouldn't you be worried that in the third act
He realizes that instead of breaking into stealing things
He should just be smuggling your dick
He should heist your diamond dick
And then you wake up
And there's just a little note where your dick used to be
And it says
I got your dick
And it's just a picture of him on a speedboat
Wait, did he leave the picture of him on a speedboat?
Yeah, yeah, so the picture has a polaroid
Of him like
And he's got like a big giant briefcase full of money
And the world's longest tripod
Is that like what?
He had someone
He could afford with the money from the dick
By the time you read this
I will have hired Julio to stand on the shore
Of Cabo San Lucas
With a polaroid camera
With instructions to mail this to you
And place it on where your dick used to be
And then kill himself
Because no loose ends
No loose ends, that's the name of the movie
And it's just that the poster's just a picture
Of a diamond and like a high heel shoe
It should be a guy
With like a magnifying glass up to his dick
Like an inspector using a
Maybe call the movie spoilers
I don't know
Diamond dick
No
I think that's something you want to discover in the movie
Let's not argue about it
We're having fun tonight
Let's play some Dungeons & Dragons
Unless there's any more business to attend to
Let's get to it
Let's bring up Kumail Nanjiani
And Erin McGathy to the stage
I'm sorry it's become the tradition
That I talk for an hour and then bring you guys up
I always want to bring you guys up earlier
Can I make a couple comments
On things you've said tonight?
One, the shirt
The Harmontown shirt
It's so
For some reason, the way it feels on me
It feels like it's amazing
It feels like I'm in the womb
It's so soft
I looked up the label
And I ordered just regular plain t-shirts
From Amazon
Of that type
I don't know why that's funny already
Because it sounded for a second
Like you had engaged in an elaborate attempt
To pirate my shirts
No
Clearly I'm like terrible at
Figuring out what the demand is
Because clearly there's a ton of them sitting around
So I ordered it
And it was not as good
As the one
Somehow the printing process
Of you guys' faces on it
Makes it really comfortable
Also it's made in Honduras
I saw
My prediction is Honduras is going to
Take off pretty soon
Because they're sitting on a gold mine of
Perfect t-shirts
What are the Honduras?
Are those islands?
Nobody knows, there's no way to know
I wish there was some way to figure it out
There's no way
I believe the Honduras is actually a country
But it's not
There's not multiple Honduras
Yeah, there's Honduras
And then Honduras is all of them
But you guys know when you go there
Don't go to the big island
You gotta go to Hondurito
People look at it on the map
So let's go to the big island
Don't, it's so touristy
It's a Hawaii joke
I guess
I lost my crowd with the Tracy Chapman
Reference and of course the
Upper tax bracket Hawaii humor
You know
The joke when you're going on vacation in Hawaii
What's wrong with the big island?
I just ate peanut butter on ramen tonight
You have to be like a showrunner
Of a season 5
Show to get the joke he just made
Yeah
You have to hit
88 miles per hour in a
Tesla
Then the humor can actually
Like soak into your
Why don't you explain to them what the Hawaiian islands are
Just so we all know exactly
There's a big one
You're not supposed to go to
That's the big conversation
You go to which island are you going to
And then they go don't go to the big one
I think the big one is actually called Hawaii
You're on the chain
Well isn't there like a bazillion but there's like
Three main ones
There's Kauai and Maui
Why are you doing this?
I just like
You have this smug look in your face like
You're either going to reveal that I don't know a lot about Hawaii
Or how much I do
I thought you was going to make up false Hawaiian facts
Oh more bad improv
He's doing you a favor he's making you seem less rich
Because you know less about Hawaii
Right
That would make me seem likable if I went there all the time
And didn't give a fuck about it
Do you go there all the time?
Have you been actually
What is Honolulu one of the islands?
Isn't it? No that's a city
Honolulu is a city on one of the islands
Probably Hawaii
Nope
We're just guessing at facts about
What is it a state? I don't know
Oh it's a state
It's also an archipelago
The other thing I wanted to bring up
Is that Jason Alexander
Google him now
He has a shamelessly full head of hair
He has a full head of hair
It's fucking crazy
It's a miracle
Yeah he just
Dragged a lot of coffee once I
He was really bald for a long time
Wow
May I address something
To your erect penis
Is little dino
Oh diamonds
God damn it please
Everyone go back in time and don't
Correct her I want to know what the rest of her thought was
Yes
We did a ten minute sketch about diamonds
As Dix
I was kind of in and out
I can connect the dots
Dinosaurs died
Became fossilized cold
But what were you going to say
I missed what he said dino
The reason why is because of our dog
I have our dog on the mind
And his toy is his little dino
I'm so sorry
Weird
Not if that guy was just
The first to think of my dick in the dog's mouth
Certainly
He is not the first person to think that
I was
Kind of like how
When you're sitting in the bed
You get the good seat back there
When you're further back it's harder to
To hear
To respect me
Once I'm out of a certain radius
And I'm like whoa why did I feel that way
And then I come a little bit close and I'm like
I think some of your hair
Just got transferred to Jason Alexander
He's stealing it
I kept on half listening for you to say
Which is so funny because my dog's toy
I've become the most boring person in the world
Like I'm just thinking about the dog's toys
Guys we got a dog
Have you ever
Pet a dog before?
We took it to its first
Class at Puppy Kindergarten today
We took it to Puppy Kindergarten today
That was a mix of ahs
And uhs
What's on the curriculum at Puppy Kindergarten?
Today it's all people talking about Hawaii
Today we literally
Is
The exact same demographic
Which island? Not the big one
Where people go
They see it's a big island and they go
Let's go to the big island
Go to the littlest one
It's made of cocaine
The
The first class was
Wait there are different classes
Yeah yeah yeah
And look by the way
They're really affordable
Karma dog care
I'm sure the money goes to
Do what we didn't do which is rescue dogs
Like I'm saying like
It's like out of that
It's run by James Cahn
Anyways
We did have to hold hands and make a decision
At the outset of all of this
That we were going to be one of those couples
So we're fine with it so you can sit there
And judge us in silence. We have a dog
We're a dog couple. We're fucking doing it
Putting the puddle to the metal
We went to Puppy Kindergarten today
He said puddle
I thought
What did you think I said
Instead of pedal you were going to say puddle
And then he just did the average of both
Oh no
The puddle to the metal
At one point the woman who was running the class
That Dan said that his name was
Jan
I mean I'm at Puppy Kindergarten
My name's probably not
You know Tony
What
I tried to think of the most
Manly name I could
I just tried to think of a super manly name
And then realized that
Why Puppy Kindergarten
Is that just
Because we don't know what we're doing and we're scared that we're going to do it wrong
And we're reading every book and we're watching
It's like a socialization class. I mean no matter what we say
It's going to sound really silly but it's at an animal hospital
It's our dog
Interacting with other dogs and people telling us
How cute our dog is
I like that you were making fun of animal practice earlier
Meanwhile that's kind of your life right now
Yeah
But I wouldn't expect more than
150 people to be interested in it
Yeah
For free
I thought that his doctor is not an actual monkey
Which I think was the premise of that show
Was the doctor a monkey? I don't know
And the poster it looks like
It looks like the monkey is the star of the show
He's got a little stethoscope
At the beginning of the show a doctor gets cursed
By an angry patient and he turns into a monkey
Is that a Sony show too?
Animal practice was that? I believe it is
I like to think
Jason and Alexander directed a bunch of them
I bet
That's where he got
Most of the initial foundation
Of his hair
I just like to think
That they were like
When they were green lighting that show
Fucking Harmon
You have a monkey on your show
Fucking use it right
Is it the same monkey or a different monkey?
Yeah, it's crystal, the hangover monkey
You
You're starstruck
There's just like one great monkey in the world
Yeah, no, you better believe it
Crystal? How old is crystal?
I don't know
By the way, this is a weird fact
I found out, this is true, you can look it up
Lobsters are immortal
They only die
If you kill them or if they get a disease
They would otherwise live forever
And I heard there's a kind of jellyfish
That it's technically never has to die
But it eventually will bump into enough things
That it will die or will get eaten at some point
Maybe crystal is like a lobster in disguise
Or like one of
Jesus
I was caught up with the
Because the gesture you made
That Jason Alexander used to kill a man in college
Was a lobster kind of gesture
I'm just connecting too many dots
This is like an episode of Twilight Zone
Actually
Submit it for your boredom
Aaron, are you worried about
This imminent
Puss smashing session that's going to go on later?
Worried, excited, right
Girlfriend
I tell Camille everything about her
Sex life
Every time we have a two-week show
Hello
Hey
Are you calling him in the 1890s?
Marjorie, go into the sitting room
Hey, Camille
Oh, hey
Well, it was smashed again
I don't know why me
I
I was sitting at home
I was painting and he came in and he was telling me
Are you paint?
I always try and change the subject
Yes, but more importantly
I painted my orgasms all over the walls
Of our bedroom
Bedroom walls, now what color is the
It's pink
It's pink, it's pink
The walls are the, oh, of the house
So you got
You bought a house
How are the
Mortgage, right?
I'm just going to
React to the end of it
That's when we found out my girlfriend
Doesn't know what an orgasm sounds like
That's actually the most embarrassing thing that happened
Tonight
And never shall
Yeah, I mean
Alright Camille, I'll call you
In another month or so
Every time he gets a haircut
All of a sudden he's Bill Pullman
It's very telling that
That's the most viral man you could think of
See, they're him or Tony
I don't know
Bill Pullman
Spencer, you're a little quiet over there
Yeah, man, I don't know
I just haven't thought of a thing
To say
Are you pros at smashing posts?
Yeah, do you smash posts?
I've been known to smush a push
Smush a push
You and me and Jeff got pretty
Boosty the other night
We got drunk the other night
Spencer and I have been
Threatening to go out and have a drink
With each other
Okay
Don't scare me like that, man
I see 9-11 every day
Twice a day
I look at the clock
What's happening here is Dan hates
The Jeff claims that he sees it on the clock
So now I see it more than anyone
And every time I do
I sarcastically point it out
You're making me see it now
I know
You win again
Wait, wait, this is a problem you have
You don't like what I say that I see 9-11 all the time?
Probably
That's a strong word
It's adorable
I don't believe in the theory
It's bullshit
I see 11-11 every day
You just think you do
Because that resonates
Thank you, that must have been hard for you to say
What the fuck
I let you say that I'm much more fascinating
Than I actually am
I thought you believed in magic more
Than you do
Something about Al-Qaeda's attack on the United States
Like had a mystical
You've been looking, you've been noticing
That times since high school
For some reason
If I get in the car and have a digital thing
You always see 9-11?
It's that way you picked that day
You can't pin nothing on me, see
This is another lost episode
We just accidentally
Stumble into
I'm on Dan's side with this, by the way
I don't have a big fucking hang-up about it
I used to see it a lot
And then on 9-11
9-11, 9-11 happened
You were seeing it before 9-11
Since I was a kid
And you were just going, oh that's the number for emergency
Yeah, I would always see 9-11
And then 9-11 happened
I didn't really connect those dots until later
But you remember
I had that crazy panic attack on the morning
That all happened
Yeah, I was so rough for you that day
I'm sorry
9-11 really was your 9-11
I will treat your ass like a pussy
And smash the hell out of it
Aw, that's romantic
Aw, right?
Yeah, I'll orgasm all over these walls
What color are your walls?
Well, they will be pink
I woke up at 6am
Which is around 9am
When the planes hit the buildings
And I woke up screaming and freaking out in my bed
In LA
And I've never had a panic attack in my life
But I woke up just after 6am
In my little apartment
I used to live in then
And I was screaming at the top of my lungs
And bawling crying
I didn't know why, I was wide awake
But I felt like the walls were going to fall in on me
And I kept looking at the walls
Like I was afraid that the walls in my place
Were going to fall in and crush me
And that was in danger
There was a lot of people on the other side of the world
That were really, really in danger
And I was screaming for a half hour
Wait, you had a psychic vision
I'm not trying to be fun
You had a psychic vision of 9-11
I have them all my life
I dream about...
Why is this not every episode?
Thank you, Camille
You guys are talking about me
Do you believe in magic?
You guys are talking about K-9 kindergarten
Ask yourself this question
Why was he so put off
By my insinuation
That he believed in magic?
Imagine the power you have
It's revealed that you have a little bone to pick up
Does anyone wish they would fight last?
You know what I like?
I like the idea of a psychic
Who just doesn't have the confidence
Because his friends always make it funny
To prevent horrible disasters
If I lived
In a little more supportive environment
A lot of lives would be saved
There would not have been any 9-11
You would have been like Mark Wahlberg
The problem is
The times...
I have vivid dreams
About things that happened
Within hours
There's no time to save
I dreamt about this
The big...
When was it? 90?
The San Francisco earthquake
Walking around San Francisco
The houses
Full house houses
Walking down the street
With whoopie Goldberg
Walking down the road
All of a sudden, the ground starts shaking up
All the houses fall
The giant cracks on the ground
Big fires go on
The next morning, San Francisco earthquake
I like that you've just been sitting on these
You're like a...
Now you're a bad guy
You could have prevented
When I wake up in the morning, I turn a TV on
Rob Schrab called me
After I'd finally come out of my freakout
On 9-11
He's like, hey Jeff, turn on your TV
The White House got blown up
He got it all wrong
That was Rob's description of
Listen, we've relayed
The events of 9-11 from our own perspective
One of them is that Rob called me
Whenever it was happening
And this is how Rob Schrab describes 9-11
I have to back off the mic
Because this is how loud
Schraub was
Jesus fucking Christ, turn on the TV
The fucking world's blowing up
The White House blew up
The Pentagon blew up
The World Trade Center blew up
Fucking missiles flying out of the sky
And then Jeff is like, I knew it
Yeah, Jeff's like
That explains
That explains why I didn't have another dream
About San Francisco
I had one dream one day
I woke up one morning and got out of bed
And I remembered this dream that I just had
And I was like, it was really vivid
And I was like, okay, that fucking happened
Because that felt like one of those ones
It felt like this one happened
So there's a feeling to the ones that are real
Otherwise it would be like, oh there's going to be
A big peanut butter dog
Every morning
There's going to be a
I'm going to be naked
Outside
I'm going to take deal sets again
You guys are my mom here in an elevator
But she wasn't really my mom, but I think she was
That's your curse is that
Every dream feels
Like a lot of...
If that were true then I would have felt like today I was going to wake up
And I would have gone deep sea diving with Stuart Copeland
From police
You also did the theme to the equalizer
This felt real
I had a dream and I woke up
And I had my hands in the morning and I looked in the mirror
And I had this little thing like, oh fuck, that thing happened
I guarantee it
And so I go out to meet my brother for lunch
And I drove out to Venice where he lives
By the beach
And I pick him up and he's like
Is this one of those, your brother's been dead for 20 years stories?
Because I want to be mostly ready for this
He had to find out
From a train conductor
For some reason
Your brother's been dead for 20 years
So he goes
Are you watching this thing that's happening right now
About this Chechnyan
Hostage thing happening in this theater in Russia right now
You get real specific
I had a dream
A bunch of people were held hostage in a theater
And the police came in and there was a standoff
And they gasped the place
And they killed all the people too
They killed the terrorists and the hostages
All as one
Because they put too much gas and there was something like that
And there was one American that died
In that thing
That's your side
If there's one American then you have a link to it
I had a dream
I had a dream that I was in a theater
And it was like in the lobby of a theater
And we're all waiting to go into the seated part of the theater
We're in the lobby and there's a bunch of people
And everybody's speaking a different European language
It's all European
And I'm lost and I don't know where I am
All of a sudden they're screaming from the outside in gunfire
And everybody starts running into the theater
Like into the seated part
And hiding and I duck under a table
Why is this not every episode?
I duck under a table and hold on to a guy's leg
And he looks like
The image of this guy in my dream
He looked like a big Cossack
Like the big flowing pants and the big curvy sword
He's got a scimitar
A scimitar
But he also had an AK-47
Like a Russian
You don't know what the vibe of the fight is
He looked like a Cossack basically
And on the outside
You don't want to bring a scimitar to an AK-47 fight
That's not the Chicago way
But there was a guy's all dressed in black
Like paramilitary people running around the outside
And I could see him running around by windows
And I didn't know if this guy was on my side or not
But I tug on his pants, I'm hiding on her table
And he's standing there with his gun out
And I see these paramilitary guys run by a window
And I see they're coming toward a door
Like in the lobby area
And I tug his leg and I point at that door
And they come in and they're all in black
Like paramilitary
And he shoots them all, and then I wake up
And I remember early in the dream
I was the only American in this room
And all this stuff, but like
Oh, you were the guy that died
I'm having a very difficult time with this, Jeff
I mean, shouldn't he sleep more often?
The world?
You should be just taking Xanax
And pre-cog, like you should be sleeping in a hot tub
You know what?
You should be in a hot tub all the time
Go to Dan's house
I've been saying this for years
It's not a hard note to take
Every time you're awake
Right now, you're kind of killing people
Because somewhere you could be
What I like is that God picked you
And he's like, oh, I fucked up picking this guy
He's still hungover
And he's just running on to the stage in Prodigy
Yeah, you're like doing improv
Hey, I had a dream that 14 women
Were raped in a cellar
Hey, everybody!
Welcome! Can I get a suggestion of a fart noise?
Yeah!
I did just using it for your improvs
God's like, man, alright
I fucked up
Jeff, your improv is really rape-centric
Yeah
You brought up rape, not me
It would be awesome if there was somebody in the audience
Like, have you ever seen Jeff doing improv?
The next day, it's in the news
I mean, it's never particular
It's always very grim scene work
It's not like, oh, hangover too did better than expected
You know, there's a lot of comics
That like, you know, you're laughing on the way home
Because they're geniuses
His improv shows are like
You kind of sit there in an uncomfortable
Puzzled silence
But the next morning, you're like
Oh!
Fuck
Why is this not like
I've known you for like a year
I've had a bunch, there'll be times
When I'll wake up and I'll have a dream and I'll go
I'll just get online and I'll look and I'll just type in
Backyard helicopter crash
And it'll be just like my dreams
There'll be a picture, exactly
The amount of people that got hurt or the thing that happened
Or if nobody got hurt, they'll just say
I'll just type in, I'll Google some of this shit
That happens in my dreams and there's an image of it
By the way, four people dead tonight
I'll do the audience tonight
That's the Davis Guarantee
Only the Americans
Only the Americans count
That is amazing
How long has this been a...
It doesn't happen as much as it used to be
If you ever have a dream where I'm in it
And something shitty happens to me
Well dude, don't
Chechnya me
But he doesn't have time, he wakes up and it happened
That's why I'm saying
He should be asleep all the time
And people should wake him up every two hours
He'll always be pissed, but it's the least he can do
It's literally the least you could do
And then just wake him up and he's always
Cranky, you know
Just checking like anything
I don't know, marshmallows, crocodiles
Google it
Go to the Everglades
Go to every campsite in Everglades
I'm like sleepy lassie
Aw, sleepy lassie
That's cute
That is amazing Jeff
So what do you think is going on?
I don't know, I feel like it's
Like I used to have constantly deja vu
Like every day
The only thing, this is where I am right now
Because I'm like very
You know science and all of that
Is that how you word that scientifically?
I'm like just a science guy, you know
This is what I'm saying
I have two options right now
We're friends and you're like a very
Normal, grounded guy
I have to either believe that you're a little bit
Crazy, or that everything I know
Is lies
Those are my two options right now
I used to have deja vu all the time
When I'd walk into a room
And I would literally
Like go into like a restaurant
And I would be like so
It was a deja vu that was happening
But I'd be a little ahead of it
And I'd go that glass is going to fall off that table
And it would fall off the table and I'd go
And there's going to be a fight in like 10 seconds
And then over and under
You're like in Groundhog Day
But they say that's like a thing where it's like
Some people say deja vu is an iron deficiency
Where brain synapses are
What?
Brain synapses are firing twice
But it fired once and you store something
As a memory that you don't remember where it's from
So it feels like a distant memory
But it's all kind of happening at once
So you're kind of double firing at once
So your brain is kind of lying
I used to walk into places and go like
We have to get out of here right now
Because bad shit's about to happen
And bad shit would happen in there
I don't like what's about to happen
I haven't seen that
Don't you know what it's about already?
It's not happening
Oh my god, wow
I just got that
That's amazing
What do you think of it, Dan?
Your joke? No, no, no
It was fucking great, I laughed
It took me a while, 40
The joke is great
Look
Can we retrace our steps here?
I did a callback to a kind of
Running joke where Jeff has talked
About in this podcast with the 9-11 thing
Every time he looks at the clock it says 9-11
Not every time he looks at the clock, he sees 9-11
And it runs out of time
As a guy who like yourself, I believe the phrase he used was
I'm very like science and all that
I also am very like science and all that
Although I am
The foremost proponent of having
A relationship with the unknown
And the idea that life is mysterious
And that there's a consciousness to the universe
And oblivity blah
But that's philosophy
And kind of like when it comes to
Abe Lincoln might be in your dining room
And the numerology
And the ability of people to
This doesn't sound very sciencey
I'm saying when it comes to that stuff
When it comes to that stuff, I'm skeptical
By default because it's dangerous
To bother to believe something
By default
We've talked about that here
So as a skeptic
Like Jeff
Because there's a clock next to Jeff's head
So every time I do the show
I see Jeff's face and I see a big red
Numbers and it says
9-11 which is once during the show
Lately because we had that conversation
Jeff look what time it is
Which is both a callback and it's also kind of like
I don't know if I'm like proving it's wrong
Or whatever
We talked about that
My imagination or did he get a little
You got a little like you thought I was like
Making you
I thought it was being revealed
That was a bur in your boot
I'd said that
Like literally that
Extreme
A bur in my boot
I own it, I don't care
It doesn't make me
I don't go like Jeff's hurting my foot
It's a bur in my boot
Bur is too strong
Is there a micro bur?
I've heard of micro buries
Is that what that is?
So here's the thing
I just want to like my sense of justice
Because I felt like Jeff got mad at me
For just a second
Like I can read his body language in his face
Because I was like well Jeff you believe
That you see 9-11 on the clock all the time
And wasn't he just for a second
He was kind of like what
No I'm not that into that
And then proceeded to reveal
That he is the plot of a CW show
That every night he goes to sleep
And werewolves come to him
And the reason I get angry
Is because I didn't choose this power
Let's play D&D shall we?
Spencer if you would
Last time
On Harmontown
D&D
Our heroes were in the midst
Of a decisive duel with deadly doppelgangers
Except not real doppelgangers
They were the gang's own shadows
There's a difference
After 30 solid episodes
About that long of combat
The gang had been pushed to the brink of destruction
Wounded and bleeding
Christopher was dying
Sharpie saved the singer
Swinging the soul of Rope
To soothe the savagely sundered sneak
Down but not out
The foes regrouped
Weapons were used
Some things happened
And then the shadows were dead
As they stood above the broken corpse
Of their slain shadows
The dark sun pulsed
And they were back in their home
In the canny forest
The end
The last episode
And now we're back
In our own
Not back in our own world
I can't remember
Before we got sucked to the shadow plane
Where were we before we went to the shadow plane
Let's take a trick
We were in a fish but the fish blew up
And we crashed
Starting plane
The material plane
That's the homeworld
Eating by the infinite fish
Who took you through time and space
And everything kind of takes you through time and space though
In a way like yeah
Existing would take you through time
The earth takes us through space
Yeah
Fair play
I mean not really the time
To nitpick
I'm sorry
Guys here to give us clarity
No I know we're all on the same page
You two are fighting
We're just all defining reality
Alright so
You're just saying he took us through the plane of Twilight?
Yeah the plane of Twilight
Which was sometimes Twilight
But not always
That was the foresty place
You met Christopher there
He took you to the soul of growth
We've been through so much
You guys did this stuff
I used it like crazy in the last episode
I'm not kidding I can't
Beef fungus bill came up and played for you
Thanks
I thought you were saying thanks to me
For letting him play you
No thanks beef
He reminded me
Do you have the soul of growth
It pretty much kept us at death's door
When I use it
It's kind of like a heal
Heal all
Like it gives us all a little glass of lemonade
Anyway
The plane of Twilight took you to the plane of shadow
Now you're back to the plane of
Material plane
We're just back to where my dad was
In the burned ruins of the Connie
Forest
What are we going somewhere
What are we doing
There's a good chance what we were doing
Was asking what we were doing
Because we've done that a lot too
But really
Overall what are we trying to achieve
Adventure
No
Alright
Well I'm going to put some
Meat all over my body
And just run around in circles
You can ask in your own day to day life
The answer is no more clear than it is
What did we do today
Why did we go to puppy kindergarten
Is that our mission when we're done with that
Do we just blow our brains out
It's a
One of you does
Ahhhh
I don't think it would be me
My nose starts bleeding like firestarter
It is taking so much effort
On my part to not just
Talk to Jeff about it
Well we genuinely asked
Tell me about it
One of us was to commit suicide who would it be
I mean that's a very dark topic
Definitely me, what are you talking about
Yeah, I mean, what? I hope that answer gives you the happiness you need to carry on.
No, but it doesn't help me any.
That's a bad or some.
Alright, so can I go back to the game?
I'm sorry, can I ask something and we'll go back to D&D real quick?
Yeah, yeah.
So you guys, you knew about this.
Well, I'm always so drunk when I'm with him that the line between my friend being crazy and my friend being psychic is like pointless.
Like it's like jukeboxes are become important, you know, like I start crying about my dad because I hear, you know, a country western song.
These are things that when you wake up in the morning, you're like, what was that?
Okay, reality is a little fluid.
Did Jeff say he was psychic last night?
Yeah, but I don't believe in psychic.
I don't think psychic is the thing.
What?
What is it?
Is it the P word to you? You guys don't know what to call that.
I prefer to call myself temporarily advanced.
I mean, I don't believe in ghosts necessarily either.
I think there's something to people having certain encounters and stuff like that.
I don't think you, I don't think there's spooky ghost running around.
Stan Lee here, please see podcast episode 38 where Jeff talks about ghosts for, like you had a ghost, you have a ghost story.
I have a fucking, I have a couple of goodies of ghost stories.
That apartment was haunted.
Yeah, the Rob Schrab's current apartment is or was haunted when I lived there.
I believe in psychic ability.
I think that we don't, we don't know what we're capable of and I believe you.
I feel like, I'm not saying I don't believe you.
I just want to know more.
I feel like, like there are a lot of people, I talked to other people that on 9-11 that that morning.
I mean, honestly, like the meeting of the temporarily advanced, like, oh, we fucked up again.
It's just, everyone stands up and deals with their guilt of like, yeah, I shouldn't have slept in.
Yeah, jeez.
I was eating toast.
I was doing an improv show in Montreal.
They're all improv comedians.
I like the idea that there's a class system where there are the people who just know what's going to happen like two hours before.
I felt like there was a time in my life when I actually had like, like visions and voices and stuff like, like,
nothing that meaningful about it.
I don't, I don't want to be mean, but this is like such a shitty use of your powers being here right now.
Is it?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
There was like a diversion path where like one prevents 9-11 and one you're comp-trolling.
I just felt, there was a time in my life when I was, especially when I was really broke and being evicted and I didn't know what was going to happen to me.
I felt very like in the moment at all times.
Okay, okay.
There was no past, there was no future.
Every, from moment to moment, I didn't know what was going to happen.
And I really felt there was like a, there was a couple years in my life where I felt like I could point to where the lightning was about to strike.
Like if there was a storm out there.
And I felt, it was like, you know, like when Ken Casey and Ashley talked about that, it was like, you're so in the moment that past and future kind of are all touching.
It's all one thing.
So like, you're just kind of so in the moment that everything, it's all kind of happening together.
Or like someone coming to a show and being like, I think I'm going to play Dungeons and Dragons with Dan Harmon and then that night we go,
we're going to, is there anyone who's a dungeon master here?
There's a little bit of magic to.
Sure, but that's a big leap from knowing 9-11 is going to happen.
Jeff, Jeff, have you ever.
Only to the 9-11 people.
You said that.
You said that you.
For those 3,000 people.
Yeah.
These premonitions were stronger when you were younger.
Did you ever wonder if you caused them?
Did you ever get nervous about them?
My mom, who passed away when I was 13, she had a recording.
She went to a psychic when she was pregnant with my brother.
And she wasn't like, like into mysticism and stuff.
But she went to, like, had a psychic reading that was recorded.
And everything that she said about my brother, pretty accurate.
And she said about me that I would be psychic.
And then I've been with friends.
Way to bury the meat, bro.
Jeff is going to start flying around the room and be like, no, I'm not.
I'm not psychic.
I just have some ideas.
My mom's crazy.
She predicted I would be psychic and now I am.
But she wasn't into mysticism.
Like everyone does, she had a recording.
I was at a coffee place with my friend Michael Pollock, a piano player.
I am your disciple.
We're getting coffee and he was going through a bad business thing with some stuff.
And he's totally skeptical, like absolutely a psychic on all kinds of things, I guess.
And there was a woman doing terror readings.
I'm going to go get a terror reading over there.
So he sat down and he didn't act like, come on, show me what's up.
And so she sat down and she does this terror stuff.
I don't know how it all works.
It seems like you might.
So we're sitting there and the first two things she says, she goes, this is about business.
There's a woman that you work with.
No, sorry, it's a guy that you work with that's fucking you out or something right now.
That's why you sat down right now.
He's like, that's exactly why I sat down.
So, okay, now I'm on board.
And she got another thing.
Like right before he even said anything, she said two things about it right on it.
And the third thing she says was, as I was sitting next to him, she goes, I'm sorry,
can your friend leave?
He's freaking me out right now.
I'm like, what?
And she goes, you're really psychic and it's fucking throwing me off.
Are these stories so old for you?
You know, like, have you talked about this with him before?
I feel like I have.
Jeff can't pass the butter without being special.
Like, there is...
Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit.
There's, his stories are like, he...
So funny you literally go, there's Jeff again.
I'm not saying that in a punitive way.
I'm like, I'm his best friend.
I've been hanging out with him forever.
If you're asking me if I'm bored hearing about how remarkable he is.
A little bit.
I mean, I'm familiar with it.
I know that he is.
I know that he has a lot of...
But your mom predicted you were going to be psychic.
She had, there's this old, like, old tape.
There's a tape of this?
And the woman that gives her the reading tells her that I'm going to be psychic.
There's an actual tape of this?
Yeah.
What?
Well, I mean, we have a podcast, so I guess we should...
I wish there was some way we could share about the world.
If my sister would have it, if anybody has it, I'll try to find it.
Your sister that disappeared in Roswell?
By the way, Jeff's 80.
All right.
Yeah, so we're on the material...
Look, you've been around here long enough to hear that he can't go out for drinks without meeting Vince fucking Neil.
It's everywhere he goes.
He goes to Las Vegas and Neil Diamond goes like,
Hey, wait, sorry, I gotta stop singing.
Who's in the audience?
Hey, you get over here.
And he just goes and hangs out with Neil Diamond.
It's not lies.
He's not lying.
No, he's like a real life...
It's just like, after a while, it's like, ay, ay, ay.
Yeah.
He's like a real life forest gump.
There should be footage of him like...
I don't want it to stop, but I'm not like, what the fuck?
I bet six years ago, there was one point where he was like,
It's all about community, and then he walked away.
Well, he did...
I mean, he is like...
When I first moved to LA, the reason Jeff and I are such good friends is because we were both fucking broke-ass.
Vagabonds, and all we would do was go out for drinks and tell each other how talented we were.
I mean, you're such a good actor.
You're like, I know you're such a good writer.
And Jeff was like, I see good things for you.
We believed it enough.
I look back on how bad a writer I was when Jeff was telling me I was a good writer,
and I realized that I owe my entire life to being convinced by it.
I don't know if it's... there's something sad about it, isn't it?
That was an amazing time.
It's either Dumbo's Feather or it's like...
Dan used to pay my bills, and then when he had money, then he was broke, and I paid his bills for a while,
and it kind of went back and forth, and we really were keeping each other alive.
Dude, I don't know how to say this because I'm proud.
Can I borrow $2,000? I'm going to get evicted.
No, here you go, here you go. I'm so sorry.
And then both back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.
And every time, what one person would say to the other is,
look, it's not that big a favor.
I have money right now, you don't, but I know you're going to
because I know that you're a special, wonderful person.
I mean, that's beautiful, but now are you bummed out because you know that he knew...
that he could have planned...
Oh my God, I just got that.
He was cheating.
I was an actual good person.
And he just knew.
Dan, I had to wait until you're ready to learn that to fire that up for yourself.
I fire fire arrows.
I mean, I guess what's the difference, though, between faith and prognostication?
I mean, what is that?
If you say to your friend, I know that you're going to be president of the United States.
Like, are you a dick if you're psychic and you actually know more than you are?
Maybe cost them to become the president because you already knew what was going to happen.
That's the thing.
And then you told them...
I'm telling you, like, I was really hacky when I was 26.
I was not. I was like...
Monster House had to be rewritten by the lady that did Willy Wonka's whatever adventures.
I sat there for two years, tried to write a movie about a house
with children on trick-or-treat and couldn't get through it without having a fucking nervous breakdown.
My head so far up my ass, I never would have gotten through anything.
But I would go out for drinks with this guy that would go like, you know, you're right, you're right.
I bet we'll find a picture at some point of the Civil War and Jeff is there like talking to Lincoln.
Hey, here's an idea. I don't want to be crazy, but...
It's a picture of me in bed the day he gets shot and I was late for the theater.
I had a ticket.
Two tickets to my American cousin on the nightstand and you're just like fucking some flapper.
I was going to say flapper.
My knowledge of history and women only goes back.
He just means a woman who talks a lot.
I was so prescient that I predicted the fads of 60 years in the future
of what women would be doing and dressing like.
All your hair is going to be short. You're going to be doing the Charleston.
Did you know he was going to have a haircut when he showed up today?
Yes, because I saw him yesterday.
Okay.
See, he's not saying it anymore because he has Instagram. He doesn't care.
Well, and Jeff, you have kind of a weird relationship with this ability.
You sometimes embrace it and sometimes...
Well, you know, there was a time...
I was talking to our friend Sam Christensen about it because this is when it was all happening
and it happened quite a lot and it actually kind of warmed me out a little bit.
There was times when I felt like I actually felt guilty when the tsunami happened
and I didn't dream about it. I felt guilty about it.
But even if you hadn't dreamed about it, you would have done fucking nothing about it.
Because it would have been...
I actually went to this place.
I should have dreamt about that.
I'm a bad person.
I couldn't meet my wave blocker 3000.
In a way, that's the most narcissistic thing I've ever heard.
In a way?
I felt like I'm losing touch.
I've lost that thing.
But Sam Christensen is kind of why his sage friend of ours is great.
He's like, you're in a place right now where a lot is happening for you
and you're kind of in a strange moment.
He goes, you don't want to be in this place forever.
It's going to take a lot out of you.
But when I was really, really broke, I really had...
I would hear voices and stuff.
I think it's weird to me. I imagine you being broke and being like,
I wish I could somehow make money.
That glass is going to fall. The helicopter is going to crash.
I wish there was some way.
I guess I'll go on audition.
What is pilot season?
Time to reach my brain across time and see which blood donation clinic
is paying the most tomorrow.
What is pilot season? That pilot is going to fly into a building.
It stopped happening.
But once in a while, I'll still have dreams where I'll like,
in the dream, I'll wonder,
you can kind of navigate your dreams.
You can kind of pick...
I want to try to steer left into that part of the dream or go backwards.
I don't have that. I just have...
My dreams are on rails.
There were times when things would be happening.
Actually, I would say out loud...
The helicopter went right... I woke up in the morning.
I said out loud to myself before I went to bed as an experiment.
I said, have one of your dreams tonight.
Have one. Have a dream about something that happens tomorrow.
I assume you were single at the time.
I was.
Have one of your dreams tonight.
What was that, baby?
What?
I have to go.
I was very single.
Jeff, do you have premonitions about anybody here?
No, never people. Never people.
My dream life is really...
I wouldn't trade my dream life for anything.
I woke up in the morning and I really went to the computer.
It was the first time I had money to have a computer.
I went to the computer and I typed in
Mexican backyard helicopter crash.
And there was a helicopter crash that killed three in a backyard.
They just fell into some residential neighborhood.
It was exactly what I dreamt.
And I was like, that doesn't help anybody.
That's the stupidest power in the world.
It seems like if you'd worked on it...
I mean, listen, it's probably today.
I'm lazy.
It doesn't happen as much anymore.
But there was a time and it was pretty wild.
My favorite memories of us, Dan,
was when you were writing Monster House and you were just drawing them
and you'd just be sobbing, crying
because you couldn't finish the script about
the house that is a monster.
And you were so broke one time.
I was like, Dan, you were really broke.
Which is amazing. You'd make like $300,000.
And then six months later, penniless.
But you had a Pac-Man and a Centipede in your house.
Or in your apartment.
Yeah, I wasn't six months. It was a couple of years.
What happened to that Pac-Man and that Centipede?
They're at my studio.
What studio?
I make cartoons.
I was imagining a pied-de-taire.
That's what I was thinking.
They're at my...
They're in Puerto Vallarta.
At the summer home.
Do you remember when I told you...
I said, you wouldn't finish the script you were writing.
And I said, write me the first 40 pages of it
and I'll pay your rent.
And you're like, I'll take you up on that.
Because that's where you were.
And you wouldn't finish it.
You wouldn't get it out.
You wouldn't click print on anything.
Like feature stuff.
And I was like, you're so broke.
I'll pay your rent for the next two months if you give me the script.
And I won't show it to anybody.
And you're like, I actually will take you up on that.
And you still didn't do it.
No, I gave you pages.
I didn't read it.
He knew there was shit.
I gave you a manila envelope with the pages.
It was the best.
It was the best time.
I still think you need to make that movie.
Well, I'm going to.
By the way, the movie that you're thinking of writing,
that you've been thinking of writing since you were 25,
put it off till you're 40.
You will get so much more work done.
Don't try.
The thing that you were thinking of when you were 15
and you were listening to the Pink Floyd
and they're like, oh, I can see the whole thing.
I'm going to move out to L.A. and I'm going to be a screenwriter
because I got this idea.
It's a fine idea, but fuck you, you can't write it.
By the way, this Don't Try philosophy
exactly explains why Jeff never did anything.
Because he's friends with you
and you were like, don't try.
And he's like, you're right.
Well, no, but I'm saying
to the young writers in the audience,
I'm saying the ideas that you have,
the screenplays that you think that you're destined to write,
maybe you are destined to write them,
but much like the relationships you're destined to have,
you might not be the writer
that is supposed to be writing that script at that time.
So where do you think
is the best place to get our ideas?
I think that ideas come
from whatever gives Jeff his psychic powers.
I think that ideas,
this is where I become
a non-skeptic about mythology
and things.
I think that we are vessels.
I think that we are prisms.
To use that metaphor,
light doesn't look like anything.
It's in the air all around us.
Campbell said that religion,
for instance, is a frame that you draw
around nothing.
You draw the frame so that people can actually appreciate
what nothing actually means for a second.
But too many religions
and too many sects of religions
and too many zealots of sects of religions,
they add so much stained glass,
they add so much opacity
to the window
that it becomes a newspaper.
It becomes something that blocks light
and casts shadows.
Those shadows take the form of
explosions and wars
and all kinds of things.
Because it's too many people taking too much shit
way too seriously that was meant to be
transparent, open source.
The air around us is filled
with the thing that we are constantly
struggling with. We,
as a great species, were designed,
we were born with these antennae
that we were able to actually suck
the nothingness
through us and split it
into all kinds of weird shit based on
where our parents touched us when.
And spray it
onto a piece of paper or onto celluloid
or a digital projector
or for you kids out there,
some kind of podcast.
The light
comes through you, it gets
scattered unintentionally by who you are.
Your job is to share
that map of the cosmos with everyone
around you. For
that reason, if you're thinking in your
head, oh man, I got this great idea.
It's like Batman, but he's not Batman.
It's set in the future, but he goes back to the 1920s
and he's fighting Chicago monsters and he just drives a Prius
and he's got a thing. You know, fuck,
you can't steal this.
That idea you had
that you were working on on prom night
that you used is the
reason why you weren't going.
You will
you will write it one day or
pieces of it will slowly get chunked
into everything that you write, but the important
thing to realize is that you don't create
ideas. There is something
else out there that creates ideas.
Your job is to
suck them in and shit them out.
You know, like you're supposed
to kind of be a dick about it, like kind of
like be lazy and like follow your
bliss and go, is somebody giving me the light?
Oh, the door's open. Okay.
Oh, shit. I got the light at Harmontown.
That's when
like, okay, now I'm embarrassed.
No, the, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm just saying like,
because if you're like me
and many of you are, like,
you walked around your living room
and you played certain music and you imagined
yourself accepting an Oscar for some
movie that had so many fucking characters
in it that it was impossible to watch.
Like you, it's some kind
of thing. In the meantime
you will, you know, what do they say?
What's the saying? Life is what happens.
Life is the box of chocolate.
While you're waiting.
Life is half.
Life is the thing that interrupts you
while you're making other plans. What is it?
Life is what happens while you're making other plans.
Yes. Like, yeah, go ahead
chart your course by that star, but accept
the fact that that's not what you're going to be famous for.
It's not, you don't control it.
We can't all, we can't all be Jeff Davis.
We can't just go to bed and dream of Chechnya.
That's the name of your one man show.
Dreams of Chechnya.
Oh, and for instance, you know, we
planned, we brought Spencer out here early for some reason
and we're not going to play. We're not using him at all.
We're not going to play D&D tonight.
But yeah, we kind of, we kind of fell down
our own little dungeon. I feel like we didn't
really need to go to a magical place
because we already were
I mean, what could be
more awesome and weirder
and I don't mean, I mean that in a great way
than listening to
you
having dreams about
shit that hasn't happened yet.
That doesn't happen to anybody else. No one else has had that before.
You'll be surprised.
What's your name?
Aaron. Aaron, you've had that happen to you before?
Yeah.
Briefly, what was it?
I was just real small and I just,
I was young and I had a
really sexy dream.
A sexy dream?
You were little and you had a sexy dream
and it came true. That's not good.
That's...
I had a dream
about my first boyfriend which was years later.
So...
What did your first boyfriend say
when you explained that to him?
You never told him?
Wait, you had a dream that you were going to have a boyfriend at one point
and then years later you had a boyfriend?
No, I'm not, I just want to be clear
what the power is.
You knew it was going to be the specific guy?
I didn't know that
I'd have a face or anything, but when I met him
I just knew it.
Are you guys still together?
No. Why did you break up?
She told him that story.
I used to live in Illinois and then I moved to Ohio.
So instead of having a long-distance relationship
we just decided to break up.
Alright, so that's kind of different.
I would say very different.
Sometimes love reaches across time, space and
money, but you know,
Illinois to Ohio, jeez.
How are you going to make that work?
He's got a dreaming of Mexican helicopters.
So I was surprised you didn't tell him
even when you were breaking up.
If it was me, I would
scream it at him as I was
grabbing me.
Clearly she got sick of him.
I can't tell him about the dream now.
I hate the way he slurps his cereal.
I don't want him to think that this is cosmic.
We're actually still in touch, but we don't talk as much
as we used to.
That's good, move on.
Spencer, it looks like
we're not going to get to play any D&D tonight, man.
Can I tell you guys I had a dream last night?
Whoa!
That we wouldn't be able to play?
It was about Jeff
and he was talking.
So I didn't prepare
any D&D content and it
ended up working out.
Whoa!
Full circle!
Thank you very much, everybody.
Welcome, and thank you.
Kumail Nanjiani, everybody.
Thank you.
Erin McGathy.
The Sneaky Leaf Psychic Spencer
Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
One more time for Dan Harmon, everybody.
And please,
if you are
a mid to upper levels TV writer
and you have not yet been hired
by Parks and Rec, please see me after the show.
I may hire you.
Please.
Wow.
That's a good offer.
Good night, everybody. We love you so much. Thank you for coming.
Thank you.